sdk release 1.10.0 (#2732)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

## 1.10.0

> * **Breaking change**: Removed usage of `pipenv`, `isort` and `autopep8` in the **split** and **download** commands. Removed the `--no-pipenv` flag. Please see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/tutorials/tut-setup-dev-remote for the recommended environment setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Breaking change**: Removed usage of `pipenv`, `isort` and `autopep8` in the **split** and **download** commands. Removed the `--no-pipenv` and `--no-code-formatting` flags. Please see https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/tutorials/tut-setup-dev-remote for the recommended environment setup.
```
